What factors do you need to consider for a situation? Since every situation
is going to be different? You need to see is a life or death.
What do I need? What is Speed of Advance? Okay. Do you want me to make
a decision now? Now, Now, Or do I have time to study it? Okay. Most
times when you hear commanding officers to the bridge, you know how
much time to make you know, speed of advance is not good at that
point. So what a vase is How much time do I have to make? And you don't
think I would say, uh, basic firefighter bars that her brother was
f d N y 9 11 hours all night yards. Barman, walk into a fire. You
do not belong to a faucet you run into a fire is going to be some aspect
of the fire that will burn. Walk, you assess. Look, feed your
teams and, you know, by the way, at the water you have to get all right
up. And you had to put the ship back of the battle. Walk into that
water walk Good for you.